popular culture would have to leave that
all sharks are reckless killing machines
attacking swimmers and divers all the
time the media would have us fear sharks
as deadly man-eating monsters from the
deep
this is submit hola my name is Jorge
Dorian and I provided by the tournament
you know more people are killed from
lightning each year than by sharks there
is about 75 shark attacks each year and
only 15 of them or more yes sharks to
attack but usually out of confusion we
shall murky water sharks do not have
hands with you they do it with the snap
then because they also have specific
plans that help them determine if it's
good or not nothing not part of your men
search have been happening to panic for
more than 300 million years and do cause
lack of knowledge to fear them but the
information we have now under mutation
quite expensive and we learn more about
them over the years we have gotten much
closer to them allowing us to feed them
under controlled conditions
you know what sharks have been feeding
in this area long before we came the
amount of this
life is very little to what they need to
eat to survive so we are not selling
their natural ease
actually this type of diet give us a
great opportunity to get close and take
pictures and measure them study their
behavior and their swinging happens
these amazing creatures are both charged
with remarkable by their much better
appearance with our wide branch snap not
pointed like other stops they have two
doors open one larger than the other it
can reach a length of 10 feet and
weighed up with 500 max hi my name is
Charlie bull shark is among the three
most dangerous species the other two
thin the tiger and the bright white
Bulls can swim in shallow rocky were
enough freshwater rivers putting them in
close proximity with us this is where
incidents happened with the shark
mistaking us for food today
we're targeting high visibility water
where they can easily distinguish us
from food even so first and foremost of
this guy it's safety and the person in
charge of that is top 16 today I'm gonna
be your guidance photographer for this
beautiful adventure it's very important
that all divers follow the rules so if
you have a safe and a great time now
please pay attention once onboard I will
assign you a plate it's very important
to remain seated then I will give you
your way you will be way too heavy for
this type to ensure you can easily stay
on the bottom we will assist you putting
your equipment on do not take any shiny
effect or object with you once we get to
the type location we will do a backbone
entry then for matina the surface and
descend together as a tight loop this
diet is at 80 feet with 25 minutes
bottom line we will have breakfast
ability and some current so it's
important with the same and staying
together you will be positioned on an
imaginary line to lay on your stomach
once on the bottom we will line up
shoulder to shoulder it's important for
everybody to stay in their place so you
do not block the view of other diver if
you wish to take further breath
keep your camera tight into your body
and remain in your assigned position if
it will commence when everyone is in
position so assume your position as fast
as possible the visit will be 15 feet
away from the group do not touch the
shark should they feel close to you just
exhale and the air bubbles will scare
them away if any food falls near you
signal me and I will remove it do not
touch the Sharks we're professionals and
we are well protected always be ready
for my signal
when you get the up signal we will
ascend as one group all together at one
foot per second at 15 feet we will stay
for three
once in the surface
you should inflate your BCD had your
mask around your neck and remained with
your group
avoid excessive movements and splashing
water the boat captain will throw a buoy
with the rope
you must hold the rope and wave your
turn to get on the boat it's very
important you conduct yourself as a good
diver and follow this plan for your
safety and the safety of the group very
safe there is that they will 100 million
sharks are killed every year by humans
we are attracted them not them to us
commercial fishing is often just to sell
their fins for soup the rest of the fish
is not even consumer sharks are a big
top of the food chain they have been
there for millions of years attract then
is a threat to the balance of the pole
marine ecosystem by participating in
this dive with the sharks in their
natural habitat you will gain first-hand
knowledge of this mission or stood
creatures now that you have witnessed
the behavior of these amazing creatures
please help us spread the word so we can
save our hearts and our planet
this is one of the working experience
you
thank you for sharing this adventure
with bathroom time